in front of you right now are some of
the most glamorous Limited Edition
phones on the internet I'm talking
Disney Princesses to high-end fashion
designer collaborations with the top few
having their own surprising extra twists
so settle into your most dripped Out
Chair this one's going to be well very
sparkly starting with the Barbie phone
by hmd the company that's now behind
Nokia phones real phone without
distractions bit ironic for a hot pink
device with a mirror on it wao I don't
even know where to start there's a
friendship bracelet looking thing that I
think is actually a bedazzled lanyard
for the phone you got a second back
plate oh no there's two spare back
plates and then the phone is in the
middle you know what's also really cool
and probably a sign that I am a married
man now this is presented just like a
jewelry box right down to the dividers
and the soft felt interior someone's had
a very good time putting this together
oh my God it continues there's a Barbie
branded screen cleaning cloth so these
are incredibly fiddly one second these
are additional pendants that you can add
to further accessorize feel a bit like
pencil erasers is this a battery oh my
God they made the battery pink and then
a sticker page and even glitzier sticker
page and of course the instruction
manual is in pink too what a treat oh so
this is actually a screen on the front
while being a slightly distorted
plasticky mirror ironically about the
most useful standby screen I've ever
seen on the phone all right so the
actual software is kind of basic
although I will say satisfying to use
everything looks very themed and each
action has its own accompanying sound
effect what's this this Malibu snake
there's a Barbie version of snake do you
remember the days when this game felt
like all the entertainment you would
ever need let's see what else it's dual
SIM for all the highflying business
people that this has clearly been
designed for toally untraceable charges
with USBC which is highly
unexpected um it's got one pre-loaded
contact it just says Ken they have an
actual phone number registered to this
contact BRB just transferring everything
I have to my Barbie phone love but
nervous what if he picks up call
home oh
ken okay there buddy what a weird thing
to put on a phone obviously the first
thing anyone's going to do when you add
Ken as their contact is call that number
is it like so like girls can show other
girls that look I've got Ken's number I
don't know how girls thinking I yeah
should talk to some you know what also
super weird so I'm trying to add a new
contact and you can add someone who's
born in 1990 you can add someone who's
born in 1980 but you can't do earlier
than that which shows you everything you
need to know about who this film was
designed for this Barbie meditation you
will hear a gentle gong sound at the
start and the end of the
session so that's the start yep okay
it's a timer I don't know how I feel
about this to be honest it's very
Charming just how much effort and
thought has gone into the thing like
this whole series of Barbie tips for a
better life for example but at the same
time it does feel very toy like and the
functionality is no better than a phone
half the price of it 6 out of 10 I'd say
L now all the way up at $450 an hour
it's time for the Disney Princess phone
by xiaomi specifically by the looks of
things focusing on Snow White if you
somehow don't know Snow White by the way
it's the story of a beautiful princess
who fleeing from her jealous stepmother
the evil queen who becomes absolutely
obsessed with trying to be the most
beautiful woman in the land takes Refuge
with seven dwarves only for the queen to
try multiple times to kill her so can
you see that really faint outline of
Snow White in this mirror that's
referencing how every time the evil
queen asked her magic mirror who's the
fairest in the land the mirror would
show Snow White so inside this logo is
so cool Pi cure poison so that's Snow
White with the queen there's an insert
which tells the story eh I think I did
it better come at me Walt I've got to
say though I love how dark and gritty
they've made this thing you know when
you buy a Disney themed phone you expect
it to be unicorns and fairies but I
think what they've done here is even
better so this box has the Sim ejector
which is a sword through the heart
ouchie it's the same emblem that was on
the box which the queen wanted to put
Snow White's heart into which yeah this
movie was a lot Bleaker than I remember
what else a sheet of stickers manuals
and then the case oh damn this is
special it's got like a Louis Vuitton
style pattering on the inside and it's
actually Tastefully done not to mention
the other side which looks even more
premium this looks like the poison apple
down here which after the whole taking
her heart out thing failed was the Evil
Queen's Plan B for ending Snow White's
life and it looks like it double as a
popsocket it's really embellishing the
whole freaky after hours Disney film
kind of vibe they got going on here and
we haven't even got to the phone so
below the thing is a generic looking
cable and charger so let's get to
it I'm so confused there are seven apps
on this phone nothing else Snow White
and the
Seven apps oh I just realized the
battery icon is actually a poison apple
that's unique and the charging animation
is oh God is that poison apple again but
this time it's bubbling man if this is
what the thing actually looked like and
Snow White still put it in her mouth I
think it's fair to say she had it coming
there's apparently also some new camera
filters
princess oh it's actually distorting my
entire face it's enlarging my forehead
it's bringing in my chin the lipstick m
i mean it's quite impressive in a way
but I feel like the entire takeaway of
the story was not to be obsessed with
your looks so slightly ironic too and
you also have Queen right next to it
which
[Music]
is look like a killer
clown so if you take a photo on princess
it gives you this like Rosy cheek effect
and if you take a photo on Queen you
just look all dead now here's what I'm
most curious about this phone has an
actual mirror on the back which is
absolutely amazing by the way you know
those times where you really want to see
if you've got some fluff in your hair
and your selfie camera doesn't quite cut
it this is actually useful as well as
being so thematically fitting because
mirror mirror on the wall was what the
evil queen used to say every time she
asked who was the fairest of them all
but what I've been wondering is does
this mirror also allow you to take
selfies using your highquality rear
cameras oh wow so I actually have to get
my face really far back for this to fit
okay just about oh wow yeah not at all
the actual camera angle is way wider
than the mirror angle feels like a
missed opportunity little bit of a let
down from what is otherwise an elite
tier limited edition I've just realized
it takes bites out of the apple as the
battery percentage goes down 9 out of 10
now as we learned from Snow White beauty
isn't all about looks which is why I am
resolving to finding Beauty in other
places like beautiful game football if
you were lucky enough to see Argentina's
football World Cup victory in 2022 FIFA
called it the greatest final ever both
Argentina and France were absolutely
going for it they scored three goals
each two of which from Argentina came
from lonel Messi and so the final came
down to penalties where Argentina made
it look like they were shooting right
but instead dipped it beautifully into
the Bott left corner to take that trophy
home and this phone is a celebration of
that and you can tell it's not a rush
job too so on the top of the insert it
says Argentina World Champion 2022 and
then on the back is all the players on
the team at the time even the
substitutes get a shout out that's cool
we got a super themed up charger the
cable is color match too and then the
phone
ooh very nice oh there's actually some
more down here there's the Sim ejector
tool which is a really three-dimensional
looking football on the back and inside
is a plain black
case I'm quite impressed with the
details on this so this number 10 is
Leon Messi's number presumably because
he was labeled as the best player in the
entire world cup and it's got a really
unique texture the rest of this is
basically designed to look like
Argentina's 2022 kit and it's even got
three dates going across here 1978 19
886 and 2022 the three times they've won
the World Cup wa not too sure about this
there's something a little too Dead
behind the eyes about the way these guys
are standing here and then okay there's
a custom gold clock there white circular
icons maybe that's to try and make them
look like little footballs got to say
though it's super strange how they've
themed like 90% of the icons and then
they've just left the final few that's a
red card offence right there all they
needed to do was to just set a rule so
that the phone Auto recolors any app
that isn't already this blue color and
that's basically it it's not a bad
limited edition but it's also far from a
winner this would be like a
quarterfinals kind of phone 5 out of 10
but what's even more tantalizing than a
football win seeing your two favorite
superheroes Deadpool and Wolverine
finally come together for a movie and
I've got to say these guys absolutely
crushed the marketing of it the Deadpool
themed cheeky Xbox controller the custom
highly suggestive popcorn buckets they
made I was fully cracking up and as part
of that marketing they also released a
smartphone okay so inside we got a board
it's even got a custom tag on top that's
cool and then this is the synopsis of
the movie as if anyone would actually
buy this thing without already knowing
what happens oh this is sick so there's
a right draw and a left draw the right
has a wolverine tag on it so that's got
huh okay just a white power brick with a
logo on it and then a plain white cable
but then the left draw has the Deadpool
tag and it has a Deadpool Sim ejector as
well as a gen looking case so then we've
got the
phone I like the design of the rear like
even though these images of Deadpool and
Wolverine are flat the way that the
lighting bounces off them is actually
very three-dimensional and you might be
thinking Aaron this isn't a beautiful
phone ah yes but you haven't seen how
Deadpool looks underneath his mask cuz
that that is something special a there
is nothing on the phone itself this just
looks like a completely stock experience
not even a new wallpaper which is just
insulting to be honest considering that
you can now generate one in about 5
Seconds unless these three prongs here
are a reference to Wolverine's claws
yeah this is what desperation feels like
so my take is that the entire purpose of
this phone was to generate hype for the
movie so they got their best crack team
to make an awesome packaging experience
and phone back design and then that was
their job done that's enough to make
something that generates some easy hype
so much for maximum effort is pretty
disint appointing considering how much
customization can be done on a phone and
how much was done for the much simpler
merch products three out of 10 but now
we're moving on to the $1,000 plus
offerings starting with the Samsung Z
flip 6 Olympics edition only 177,000 of
these were made and they were given
exclusively to Olympic athletes sorry oh
my God but yeah on first glance this
does seem like a really strange product
but I can see why they do it it's not
for people to donate to their cats but
nice
try handing a free custom rare phone to
people is going to generate coverage and
this is coverage from all public figures
specifically at the time where most
people are paying attention to those
public figures while tying into the
thing people are paying attention for
you'll notice this is a much thicker box
than what normally comes with the
Samsung phone and that's because there's
two parts here so this top is a collab
between Samsung and belti a French
leather maker cuz you know it's the
Paris Olympics and this is actually
quite a cool collab cuz you might know
that Samsung has a style of art case
called the flip suit and this while
being a nice looking premium case in its
own right also grants the phone a
matching live wallpaper to go with it
and the phone itself is in the
compartment below that a brave bright
yellow looking device that's new it's
like a full-on inspirational speech this
is your moment you the athletes are the
heart of the Olympic and Par Olympic
movement well you don't say Enjoy your
new Samsung Galaxy Z flip 6 I mean it is
an insane gift to give people but it's
just funny how they're trying to to make
a link between the Olympic movement and
their Smartphone when the closest link
is that you've got two of the five rings
on the back wow that is cool though that
is very cool I guess this is meant to
look like a running track now the actual
back of the phone looks pretty bad I
have to say I assume the color was meant
to be gold kind of like a metal but it
actually just looks bright yellow and
all of this just reminds me of you know
there's people who get adverts plased
over their cars to earn a few extra
bucks thankfully though this case is
beautiful it's got a leather-like
exterior a felt likee interior and that
should switch the existing wallpaper
which is already very cool and Olympic
themed to this it's like the opening of
a movie the phone's also got a custom
Olympic themed always on display as well
as a pretty basic theme applied to the
icons oh frog wait so Samsung actually
pre-loaded every single one of these
phones with 100 GB of 5G data there's a
whole bunch of different apps that allow
the athletes to know what they're doing
and share photo with each other and also
a prepaid unlimited public transport
card man I think it's time for me to
start training any chance competitive
Pokmon is going to become an Olympic
sport oh and this is a game so this
whole thing was designed just for the
2024 Olympics so you venture into these
portals the portals take you to
different worlds and then apparently if
you score 10,000 points within the game
you could redeem that at the Olympics
for a set of limited edition pins oh no
way these are the actual athletes that's
cool now I'm just imagining like the
entire rowing team missing their event
cuz they were too busy collecting pins
on their shiny new Galaxy Z flips or
selling their Limited Edition phones on
eBay for apparently over $10,000 a pop 8
out of 10 now if you thought that was
limited at$ 17,000 units this next phone
was made just 800 times that is
extremely low for a smartphone and I got
to say right off the bat I'm not getting
a great Vibe it looks fun but also
really tacky and cheap so this this is a
figure of to be honest I know very
little about it so I'm going to pull up
our sponsor the Opera browser command
plus slash to bring up Opera's
integrated ARA AI who is this a model of
it says the model is dormon good
confirmation but I probably could have
worked that out by reading the front of
the box so what I'm more curious about
is why do people love him so much okay
durmon is a beloved character because he
entertains while teaching moral lessons
by tackling common issues like
friendship kindness and problem solving
holy moly as of 2024 the Duran manga has
sold over 300 million copies making it
one of the best selling manga series of
all time so we also got a Duran limited
edition flips suitc case that's
interesting we'll see what this does in
a minute and then the Samsung Galaxy Z
flip phone which comes in its own
separate retail box but there is
more uh what am I looking at yeah this
looks like it's deconstructed during
travel also is not very premium
regardless it looks like this magnet was
meant to just stick onto here so dormond
can go on top pop and then this is his
backdrop okay well anyway let's dive
into the main package to see if Samsung
has rescued it with the software oh my
God it's even worse than I thought I
feel a little laded just looking at the
thing this might be the poorest user
interface design I have seen in The Last
5 Years the same is true for this flip
suit live wallpaper there's so much
happening and it's also happening at a
very low frame rate which makes it even
harder to watch also thanks to fujico
Pro for persistently reminding me that
it's copyrighted
why don't we just use arya's image
generation make me a dman wallpaper
that's this resolution and voila yeah
there you go that's literally 100 times
better than what was there before
anyways yeah Opera's integrated AR AI is
just one reason to give the Opera
browser a shop it's also got tab Islands
quick shortcuts to your apps and a lot
more so link below to download it for
free oh the home screen doesn't look so
bad oh it's there the rest of the user
interface my God that is terrible while
I do have to give Samsung credit that
they at least did try something
different this is the only time I've
said this I actually would have
preferred it if they hadn't how did we
end up in a world where the Barbie phone
had more
class 2 out of 10 limited edition now
while this next one is not technically a
phone this does feel like one of the
most uniquely bizarre collaborations
that I have to show you so host Malone
you know the famous artist is a massive
gamer but he has apparently struggled to
keep up that gaming while he's touring
the world performing so he decided to
partner up with backbone a gaming
controller company to make this and does
it not look an awful lot like it just
came straight from a war zone when have
you ever seen a piece of tech package
like this and then you open it with this
lever it feels extremely authentic that
was satisfying oh this is like a ration
pack this is how you often get food when
you're out camping or you're an
astronaut and so if we cut inside oh wow
he really went to town with this
presentation that's for sure layers upon
layers of it and then inside of this box
we have the controller itself I mean
design-wise I got to say I wish all
celebrities put this much effort in but
you should watch the video about
celebrity Tech if you want to see what
that's about you can tell post Malone
cared about this I'm loving the
transparent green case it's green
because that's post Malone's favorite
color there's some cool hidden text when
you expand the controller and this P&M
are actually apparently glow-in-the-dark
let's try it I think I do prefer this to
LEDs that are just wasting battery for
something you can't even see analog
sticks feel really smooth and console
quality shoulder buttons are really
plush and comfy and hey this thing gives
you your headphone jack back I'm not so
sure about the face buttons and the
d-pad though they're made of aluminium
on this Edition which is incredibly
bougie but they're quite tiny and they
have really high resistance which
reminds me a lot of Nintendo's joy-cons
not a compliment oh you can use this
button to take a screenshot that's
really handy why can't you just hold
down to take a screen recording that
would be such an obvious handy feature
for people wanting to share their
gameplay Okay so we've looked it up it
is actually meant to be able to do that
like hold down and take a screen
recording it is not working for us but I
did find on the way that these guys
actually charge a monthly subscription
for most of their features which don't
really look like they need one it's not
a cheap subscription either making this
a very expensive controller considering
that by default when it was launched it
was $200 but then because it was limited
to 500 units we had to pay over 1,000 to
actually get it six out of 10 on balance
but this next one should be the epitome
of beauty so jimmmy cheu the fashion
brand that charges $1,000 for a pair of
boots $4,000 for a little bag has worked
with honor to create a luxury flip phone
and this one actually comes in not one
but two boxes so let's start with the
smaller one this is very nondescript but
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't
excited um why do I have a feeling I
could sell this bag for as much as I
paid for the phone this is bizarre
there's something inside this is it
looks like a second longer strap for if
you want to wear the bag over your
shoulder I assume it's very weird cuz
what does this have to do with a phone
oh oh it's a it's a flip phone so the
phone will actually fit inside this bag
that's cool so then the second package
has the phone on top it does initially
look like there's something in this
insert but I can't see a way to open it
and then on level two that's a pretty
basic looking Sim ejector for Mr Chew
I'm quite surprised and then just
manuals in there this is cool there's
two cases in here so one is a mapped
hard plastic case the other is oh the
braver choice the more textured
bedazzled option with a ring that would
double as your phone holder too huh plus
a lanyard it really is quite well
thought out I mean don't get me wrong I
don't think I'm the target jimmmy Chu
customer but I could totally see that
someone who is willing to spend north of
$11,000 on a pair of shoes would very
much enjoy matching their phone case
with their handbag with their phone with
their outfit and at the very bottom a
shoe pendant because they make shoes I
guess and now for the device
itself well that is fancy so the
wallpapers on the inside and the outside
screen also match everything else it's
nothing super high effort but I can see
the appeal and there's also a custom
gold watch face on the front here but
did they forget to add the numbers how
am I supposed to tell the time off an
unlabeled octogonal Emerald I do like
the fact that there is barely any crease
when you open the phone which can't be
said for the last few flips that were
based off Samsung phones this though
this right here I do not understand
whose idea was it after our pal Jimmy
has gone to all the effort of making a
custom phone custom handbag two custom
cases exclusive wallpapers and more to
put the icons like this off center not
filling the row and covering the
wallpaper I can't lie though very cool
limited edition overall I'd say I tell
it's a 9 out of 10 and I will catch you
in the next one